.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SFOOD-IMPORTS 1 "January 2, 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
sfood-imports \- parse Python files and output a unified list of imported symbols
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sfood-imports
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
The imported modules/symbols are output even if they cannot be found.  (You
could try to do this with grep, but this is more accurate because it uses the
AST to obtain the list of imports.)
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show the help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-I\fR IGNORES, \fB\-\-ignore\fR=\fIIGNORES\fR
Add the given directory name to the list to be
ignored.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-unified\fR
Just output the unique set of dependencies found, in
no particular order, without the filenames.  The
default is to output all imports, in order of
appearance, along with the filename and line number.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Output input lines as well.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sfood (1),
.BR sfood-checker (1),
.BR sfood-cluster (1),
.BR sfood-copy (1),
.BR sfood-flatten (1),
.BR sfood-graph (1).
.SH AUTHOR
sfood-graph was written by Martin Blais <blais@furius.ca> and it's part of snakefood suite.
.PP
This manual page was written by Sandro Tosi <morph@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
