.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SFOOD-COPY 1 "January 2, 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
sfood-copy \- read a snakefood dependencies file and flatten and output the list of all files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sfood-copy
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Read a snakefood dependencies file and flatten and output the list of all files.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show the help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-overwrite\fR
Overwrite the destination files. If this is not set,
an error is generated if the destination file exists.
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-insert\-package\-inits\fR
Automatically create missing __init__.py in
intervening directories.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sfood (1),
.BR sfood-checker (1),
.BR sfood-cluster (1),
.BR sfood-flatten (1),
.BR sfood-graph (1),
.BR sfood-imports (1).
.SH AUTHOR
sfood-copy was written by Martin Blais <blais@furius.ca> and it's part of snakefood suite.
.PP
This manual page was written by Sandro Tosi <morph@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
