.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SFOOD-GRAPH 1 "January 2, 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
sfood-graph \- read snakefood dependencies from stdin and output a visual graph.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sfood-graph
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Read snakefood dependencies from stdin and output a visual graph.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show the help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-full\-pathnames\fR, \fB\-\-full\fR
Output the full pathnames, not just the relative.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-pythonify\-filenames\fR, \fB\-\-remove\-extensions\fR
Remove filename extensions in the graph and replace
slashes with dots.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-redundant\fR
Do not eliminate redundant dependencies.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sfood (1),
.BR sfood-checker (1),
.BR sfood-cluster (1),
.BR sfood-copy (1),
.BR sfood-flatten (1),
.BR sfood-imports (1).
.SH AUTHOR
sfood-graph was written by Martin Blais <blais@furius.ca> and it's part of snakefood suite.
.PP
This manual page was written by Sandro Tosi <morph@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
