.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SFOOD-CHECKER 1 "January 2, 2009"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
sfood-checker \- check for superfluous import statements in Python source code
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sfood-checker
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This script is used to detect forgotten imports that are not used anymore. When
writing Python code (which happens so fast), it is often the case that we forget
to remove useless imports.
.PP
This is implemented using a search in the AST, and as such we do not require to
import the module in order to run the checks. This is a major advantage over all
the other lint/checker programs, and the main reason for taking the time to
write it.
.PP
As inputs, it can receive either files or directories; in case no
argument is passed, it parses the current directory recursively.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show the help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-debug\fR
Debugging output.
.TP
\fB\-I\fR IGNORES, \fB\-\-ignore\fR=\fIIGNORES\fR
Add the given directory name to the list to be
ignored.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-disable\-pragmas\fR
Disable processing of pragma directives as strings
after imports.
.TP
\fB\-D\fR, \fB\-\-duplicates\fR, \fB\-\-enable\-duplicates\fR
Enable experimental heuristic for finding duplicate
imports.
.TP
\fB\-M\fR, \fB\-\-missing\fR, \fB\-\-enable\-missing\fR
Enable experimental heuristic for finding missing
imports.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sfood (1),
.BR sfood-cluster (1),
.BR sfood-copy (1),
.BR sfood-flatten (1),
.BR sfood-graph (1),
.BR sfood-imports (1).
.SH AUTHOR
sfood-checker was written by Martin Blais <blais@furius.ca> and it's part of snakefood suite.
.PP
This manual page was written by Sandro Tosi <morph@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
